update(api-index): add all content (#1620)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/api-index.adoc

= Bonita API 

> :description: There are 2 types of API in Bonita: REST and Engine (Java). Learn how to use them here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Bonita provides REST and Java API's to interact with the Runtime. Learn how to use them here.
```

> There are 2 types of API in Bonita: REST and Engine (Java). Learn how to use them here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bonita provides REST and Java API's to interact with the runtime. Learn how to use them here.
```

[.card-section]
== REST API - the basics

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:rest-api-overview.adoc[[.card-title]#REST API overview# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to use the REST API]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:api-glossary.adoc[[.card-title]#REST API glossary# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[A few things to know to best use the REST API]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:rest-api-authentication.adoc[[.card-title]#REST Authentication# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Login to and logout from Bonita, the prerequisites to call the REST API]#]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:rest-api-authentication.adoc[[.card-title]#REST Authentication# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Authentication is a prerequisite to any other REST API call]#]
```

--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:rest-api-extensions.adoc[[.card-title]#REST API extensions overview# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Introduction and example]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:rest-api-extension-archetype.adoc[[.card-title]#Create a REST API extension# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Tools to develop and test your REST API Extensions]#]
--

[.card-section]

> == REST API per project element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== REST API - per theme
```

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:application-api.adoc[[.card-title]#Application API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to retrieve the current deployed application definitions]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:access-control-api.adoc[[.card-title]#BDM Access Control API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to get the BDM Access Control status (lastUpdatedBy, lastUpdateDate…)]#]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:access-control-api.adoc[[.card-title]#BDM Access Control API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Retrieve BDM Access Control status (lastUpdatedBy, lastUpdateDate…)]#]
```

--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:bdm-api.adoc[[.card-title]#BDM API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to query the Business data]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:bpm-api.adoc[[.card-title]#BPM API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to retrieve activities and subprocesses, or to perform maintenance tasks]#]

Reviewer: Too long

```suggestion
xref:bpm-api.adoc[[.card-title]#BPM API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to retrieve activities and to perform maintenance tasks]#]
```

--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:customuserinfo-api.adoc[[.card-title]#Custom User Information API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Manage your specific user information]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:form-api.adoc[[.card-title]#Form API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to map a form to a process or a task]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:identity-api.adoc[[.card-title]#Identity API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to manage the organization]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:platform-api.adoc[[.card-title]#Platform API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to manage Bonita platform-level resources]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:portal-api.adoc[[.card-title]#Portal API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to access and manage pages, profiles, profile entries, profile members, and themes]#]

Reviewer: Way too long. Btw, what are profile entries?

```suggestion
xref:portal-api.adoc[[.card-title]#Portal API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to access and manage pages, profiles and themes]#]
```

Author: The "Portal API" part will be handled by the Runtime team, as @pabloalonso told me.

--

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:system-api.adoc[[.card-title]#System API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to get informations on the current session and on localisation / translation.]#]

Reviewer: Too long. No s for information in plural form :p 

```suggestion
xref:system-api.adoc[[.card-title]#System API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Retrieve information on the current session and on localisation / translation.]#]
```

--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:tenant-api.adoc[[.card-title]#Tenant API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to show the tenant status or install / update the BDM]#]
--

[.card-section]

> == Engine API - the basics

Reviewer: Both REST and JAVA API's are provided by the engine. Calling the Java API's 'engine API' is inaccurate and incomprehensible for developers.

```suggestion
== Java API - the basics
```

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:engine-api-overview.adoc[[.card-title]#Overview# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[View the high-level list and usage of Engine API]#]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:engine-api-overview.adoc[[.card-title]#Overview# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[View the high-level list and usage of Java API]#]
```

--

[.card.card-index]
--

> https://javadoc.bonitasoft.com/api/{javadocVersion}/index.html[[.card-title]#Javadoc# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[View the complete list of Engine API with all the resources you need to use them efficiently]#]

Reviewer: To long

```suggestion
https://javadoc.bonitasoft.com/api/{javadocVersion}/index.html[[.card-title]#Javadoc# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Complete Javadoc of the Java API]#]
```

--

[.card-section]

> == Common use-cases with Engine API 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Common use-cases with Java API 
```

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:manage-a-process.adoc[[.card-title]#Managing a process# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to manage a process through Java API]#]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:manage-a-process.adoc[[.card-title]#Managing a process# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Manage processes through Java API]#]
```

--

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:handle-a-failed-activity.adoc[[.card-title]#Handling a failed activity# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to create process error recovery through Java API]#]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:handle-a-failed-activity.adoc[[.card-title]#Handling a failed activity# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Create process error recovery through Java API]#]
```

--

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:manage-an-organization.adoc[[.card-title]#Managing an organization# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to manage people involved in the process execution through Java API]#]

Reviewer: To long

```suggestion
xref:manage-an-organization.adoc[[.card-title]#Managing an organization# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Manage people involved in the process execution through Java API]#]
```

--

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:manage-users.adoc[[.card-title]#Managing users# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to manage the users of your organization through Java API]#]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:manage-users.adoc[[.card-title]#Managing users# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Manage the users of your organization through Java API]#]
```

--

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:handling-documents.adoc[[.card-title]#Handling documents# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to handle documents within the process through Java API]#]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:handling-documents.adoc[[.card-title]#Handling documents# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Handle documents within processes through Java API]#]
```

--

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:manage-the-platform.adoc[[.card-title]#Managing the platform# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to manage the platform through Java API]#]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:manage-the-platform.adoc[[.card-title]#Managing the platform# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Manage the platform through Java API]#]
```

--

[.card-section]
== Specific use cases with API

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:bdm-in-rest-api.adoc[[.card-title]#Manage BDM in REST API extensions# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to manage your Business data in your REST API extensions]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:manage-files-using-upload-servlet-and-rest-api.adoc[[.card-title]#Manage files using upload servlet and REST API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to manage files through REST API]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:create-administration-tools.adoc[[.card-title]#Creating administration tools# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to create your onwn tools to administrate the platform through Java API]#]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:create-administration-tools.adoc[[.card-title]#Create administration tools# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to create your own tools to administrate the platform through Java API]#]
```

== REST API 

[.card-section]
=== The basics

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:rest-api-overview.adoc[[.card-title]#REST API overview# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Learn how to use the REST API]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:api-glossary.adoc[[.card-title]#REST API glossary# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[A few things to know to best use the REST API]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:rest-api-authentication.adoc[[.card-title]#REST Authentication# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Authentication is a prerequisite to any other REST API call]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:rest-api-extensions.adoc[[.card-title]#REST API extensions overview# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Introduction and example]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:rest-api-extension-archetype.adoc[[.card-title]#Create a REST API extension# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Tools to develop and test your REST API Extensions]#]
--

[.card-section]
=== Per theme

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:application-api.adoc[[.card-title]#Application API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Retrieve the current deployed application definitions]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:access-control-api.adoc[[.card-title]#BDM Access Control API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Retrieve BDM Access Control status (lastUpdatedBy, lastUpdateDate…)]#]

Reviewer: Too long for the card

```suggestion
xref:access-control-api.adoc[[.card-title]#BDM Access Control API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Retrieve BDM Access Control status]#]
```

--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:bdm-api.adoc[[.card-title]#BDM API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Query the Business data]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:bpm-api.adoc[[.card-title]#BPM API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Retrieve activities and to perform maintenance tasks]#]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:bpm-api.adoc[[.card-title]#BPM API# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Retrieve activities, perform maintenance tasks]#]
```
